to the southwest of the Argentine province of Negro River is the lake
hidden a mirror of crystal clear water that is being appropriated by a
multimillionaire of British origin who bought the land that surrounds it and not
allows that public lake to enter that day
in 1996
joe lewis bought an estate of 12 thousand hectares 30 kilometers from the pocket
south of the province of black river place that called lake hidden on the banks of
homonymous lake
Lewis built a splendid mansion of 3600 square meters
the multimillionaire lewis have employees who guard all that
zone and does not allow
if it is not through permits to access the lake the multimillionaire's mansion is
built on the shores of the hidden lake
and has up to a mooring for small boats to navigate
the lake should be noted that the facilities for the personnel of
field were specially designed for the comfort of workers
which develop various maintenance activities in the
farm
they enjoy
Private cabins a luxurious communal living room a gym with everything
the equipment
paddle tennis courts
rugby athletics and soccer
medical professionals regularly visit hidden lake
to provide free service to the tycoon's employees
besides the salary
lewis provides its assistance staff in multiple aspects such as education and
foods
joe you
was born in east london
he is a billionaire
his main residence would be the and forcarei bahamas
lewis was rated I presume 69 on the forbes list of the richest people
of the world of 2007
lewis was ranked as the 16th richest person in 'british'
Andreea in Cerrito 6 2007
joe lewis
occupies the sixth place among the private fortunes of the united kingdom is suspected that
the acquisition of those lands would have been done through front men
Argentineans that allowed to make the purchase of that place
of wonderful nature
lands inherited from foreigners due to being in a security zone
hiding their participation in the companies that bought the lots
with the hidden lake included
to later be transferred to the Hercules
the inhabitants of the pocket city near the hidden lake protest
this violation of the right to free transit within the territory
Argentinian
and puts into question
the danger that can be caused by the foreignization of lands
the villagers in an attempt to be heard resorted several times to the
provincial justice to act against unilateral measures to the
blocking access to the hidden lake
the black river court of justice
expressed that the roads next door should be public
all the political arc except the radicalism came out to back it done
in the cause
but the english lewis
in one more chapter of abuse of power and pressures
that he exercises through his company in Hidden Lake
issued a statement criticizing and attacking the views of the
judge of the supreme black river court of justice holding that the roads
towards the lake they were never public
and according to the words of his right hand sea bandits will defend the property
Private with the winchester in hand
with blood if needed
joe lewis in addition to owning millions of hectares in argentina and chile was made
build an airport 35 kilometers southeast of the town of sierra
large province of Rio Negro
the airstrip was placed a few meters from the Gulf of San Matías in
neighborhoods of puerto lobos in a privileged place by nature
known as golden bay
said airport was built in only three months and started to operate without
no radar control is on February 23, 2008 date when it landed
the first aircraft
a dense kraft kinder of 90
an airport whose runway is as long as the one of the airport of the city of
Buenos Aires was a man of an Argentine partner of the English magnate the
Taliban dilma with a cost of 20 million dollars
the track has private security personnel that exceeds the number of
troops of the local police force
the Argentine air force approved the operation of the airport
but is unable to guarantee its control
because it does not have radars in the area and could land or take off any
type of aircraft without being registered
in an airport like that you can take and bring from Argentine territory
any type of material or personnel allowing up to the possibility of
arrival and clandestine takeoff of civil aircraft as military
of any origin
without being controlled by anyone
spokesmen said they will only be used to make eight flights
annual
the Argentine government according to it was known not know
with certainty who is the owner but the air force authorized its construction
and gave him life if on
So far it is not known what is the utility that
the airport or if the flights are national or international from where
they proceed and where they are going
does not pass any type of customs controls and the media of
land of fire assure that no immigration control is carried out
nevertheless it is known
flights from the runway to the Falkland Islands where they would travel
foreign entrepreneurs in the midst of the political tension that exists between the
Argentine government and the United Kingdom for the sovereignty of Malvinas those flights
they go against the restrictions that the Argentine government itself determined
on the relationship with the disputed islands
the government knows the danger of having an airport
such characteristics in the heart of patagonia but nothing for
avoid it
and on the contrary authorizes its operation without the slightest
control
the foreignization of Argentine lands
with the complicity of the politicians of turn
may drag Argentina to lose control of its sovereignty if it
continues to allow acts like this to continue to happen